tough day where am I
you're dead but you have skills that we
want so we'd like you to join the RIPD
rest in peace department your job is
catching dedos the bad souls that escape
judgment meet your new partner oh you
got to earn that I'm all we are the
greatest lawman that ever lived and died
you don't look like you you don't sound
like you anymore so what do I look like
really an old Chinese guy what about you
well I guess you win Roy stop some bad
soul hide out among the living
yeah I don't know what else to shoot you
between you're in it stanley nawicki
we're with the Department of Health we
suspect it might be dead giving back
their swamp not tree
no I'm not gonna go near that not notice
we're pretty nervous still hurts seen
that before if the dead take over that's
it for the living world
well zoom in the world on end
Mon right don't tense up